TODO: Change (text) API endpoint to regression.cgi/api/

TODO: Write HTML interface for status output
  Thus regression.cgi/{,active,waiting,stopped,etc.} will return a nicely
  presented webpage (with links) for viewing the current status of the queues.

TODO: Write help/usage interface for worker
  Make the program more self-documenting.

TODO: Make server send email to builds@cakeml.org when a job is stopped

TODO: Update GitHub commit status for jobs in the system
  Probably this should be done by the server or poller.
  When a job is claimed: mark its commit as being tested
  When a job is stopped: mark its commit as passed/failed

TODO: Use GitHub webhooks or similar to avoid polling for changes
  Thus the poller won't be run in polling mode, but instead will be the target
  of a webhook that GitHub calls to update our queues.

TODO: Add interface for disowning jobs (1)
  Currently, you can manually stop a job that is supposedly active and claimed
  by a worker that has gone rogue or died. It might be nice to support this
  programmatically as an option to the worker, so it can make the appropriate
  API calls.

TODO: Make poller stop jobs that have been running too long

TODO: Sort the id lists returned by {active,waiting,stopped}?

TODO: Be smarter about assigning job ids?
  Currently, we only assign new ids that a greater than all existing ones.
  Would it be nice to fill in gaps instead? Maybe... When the system is running
  well, every job will be either properly stopped or superseded, so the only
  way for there to be a gap is when a waiting job gets superseded.

  Gaps can be filled manually by renaming the highest waiting job into the
  first gap. Indeed, that strategy could be automated (rather than assigning
  job ids correctly in the first place). But assigning correctly is probably
  just as easy.

TODO: Replace calls to the OS shell with SML Basis functionality
  In regressionLib.sml there is a call to OS.Process.system that passes quite a
  lot of work off to the shell: setting environment variables, executing a
  subprocess, and redirecting standard streams. This could all be implemented
  in the SML Basis, in particular using Posix structure, instead. Doing so
  might be more reliable?

TODO: Add interface for disowning jobs (2)?
  After "disowning" (and stopping) a job, another similar job will eventually
  be added to the queue if necessary. But would it be nice to instead be able
  to re-use the existing job number? I.e., do not stop the job after disowning
  but rather return it to the waiting queue? This would require a new API
  action.

(*
server = api.sml
poller = poll.sml
worker = worker.sml
*)
